fix(parser): lexer should throw error for unterminated regex literals (#6191)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/spotty-laws-tie.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Lexer should throw error for invalid regex literals or string liternals, the following case:

Reviewer: We should write changesets in past tense:

```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the lexer didn't report errors for unterminated regex or string literals, such as the following cases:
```
